feat(srvless): image size tips (#4865)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/serverless-jobs/reference-content/jobs-limitations.mdx

## Private Network and Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) compatibility

Refer to the [dedicated FAQ](/serverless-jobs/faq/#how-can-i-configure-access-to-a-private-network-or-virtual-private-cloud-vpc) for more information on Serverless Jobs compatibility with Private Networks and [Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)](/vpc/).

## Image size

> We recommend to keep your image size **below 2GB** to ensure faster deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend keeping your image size **below 2 GB** to ensure faster deployment.
```
